In this repository, a Federated Learning scheme for Pedestrian detection is prepared. In order to commence with a training session over UDP (utilized within our C-V2X routers), the human users must first run the script "worker_udp_script.py", since workers are expecting to first receive an ID unique to each oneself. After all the workers start running their individual scripts, the script "coord_udp_script.py" might be run. The coordinator side waits for 5 seconds before sending each worker their ID and establishing connection to each, just in case. However, it is better to wait for the workers to signal that they are ready. The parameters within the scripts might be modified as needed. In order to obtain a model, a Keras backend was utilized. The details of the neural network utilized can also be found within the scripts. For input data, 200x200 grayscale images were utilized. The input data is labeled by using many scripts. First, input video from a dashcam is converted into individual frames by the script "video_to_images.py". Then, the images are labelled by the script "image_labelling.py". Sometimes, the "*.npy" needed to be appended to one another to be combined into one large file, with different percentages of testing and training data. In that case, the script "append_numpy_files.py" was used. In the case of model training over a TCP connection (for example over an LTE network), the scripts "coord_tcp_script.py" and "worker_tcp_script.py" can be run in any order, though with matching initial parameters at both sides. In both scenarios, a final accuracy of the global model is provided at the coordinator side. For more information, any issues or asking questions about the scripts and the framework, don't hesitate to reach out to fkumec@ku.edu.tr
